I sell to a lot of like revenue leaders,
marketing leaders, founders. I think
some expect me to join the call by being
super salesy, like saying like, "Oh,
we're the best agency ever." All that
kind of stuff. Whereas I'm literally the
opposite.
So, I'm more like you need to convince
me that you're someone worth working
with. Like, I'll ask you a bunch of
questions to see if we're a good fit. I
don't know if we're a good fit at this
stage. I'd rather learn more about your
business, who you serve, where you're
at, where you'd like to get to, and then
we can kind of mutually decide together
if there's some business to be done. And
I think that throws a lot of kind of B2B
suites back,
[Music]
the highs and the lows of being a B2B
founder. In this video, I'm going to
dive into the ups, the downs of running
a B2B service agency. We cover
everything from dayto-day anxiety of
when things don't go well, how to keep
your mental and physical health in good
shape, what hasn't worked and what has
worked for myself running a B2B service
agency. A shout out to the Revenue Mind
for having me on. Let's dive in to the
episode.
Hey everyone, welcome to the Revenue
Mind podcast. I'm Julie, your host,
where we talk about all things mental
health and revenue leadership. With us
is Sam. Welcome, Sam.
Hey, thanks for having me on. I look
forward to the chat.
Yeah, for sure. Thank you for your
patience. I know it's been a little bit
of a hectic ride. Um, but really looking
forward to getting into this. So, I
don't prep a lot of people for this, but
um, or really anyone. Um, first
question. What makes you you?
Oh, good question. Very good one. So
I suppose there's a a number of things
really. What what makes me me? Bit of a
deep one, but I'll go go at it from what
I can. I suppose I haven't always be
been, but I nearly always have a bit of
a chip on my shoulder. So pretty much
with most things that I've done, be it
anything from starting a podcast to
going to the gym to where I'm going on
for running, whether I'm with my own
business, I suppose. I've always think
that I need to do one better than I am.
So I'm a bit for for better or worse.
I've always got that kind of chip where
I think ah I'm in this certain place,
but I think I could be be doing a little
bit better. But outside of work in
business,
quite laid-back, generally speaking,
sometimes too laidback. Um,
have a family, have two kids, a wife,
and a lot to be thankful for. Run an
agency. So, used to high stress levels,
one day being great, on top of the
world, the next day wondering what the
heck's going on, putting about 10 fires.
So, that that's the that's the probably
briefest snapshot of it. Happy to dive
in as you wish.
Yeah, I love that. I I tend to nod and
smile a lot on these podcasts.
Um because I I can just I I tend to
relate to something that everyone says.
Real quick, are you tired of seeing
competitors above you in Google's
organic search results and AI search
every time dream clients are searching
for your solution, your software,
comparing vendors or looking for
problems that you solve. Meaning those
competitors are stealing traffic, mind
share, pipeline, and revenue just
because they invested in an SEO program.
We fix that. Breaking B2B with an
unusual approach to SEO and content
marketing for B2B and SAS companies. Why
not book a call to see if we can start
driving pipeline and revenues as quick
as 90 days with our different approach?
Head over to breakingb2b.com to grab a
call. I look forward to chatting to you
soon. Back to the episode.
It's never enough.
Especially in business,
there's always something. There's always
more clients to be had or more money to
be made or insert
dilemma here or fire to be put out. It's
just
it it's never um
I don't know if there's ever a day where
we said, "Wow,
I'm content with what happened today."
What do you What are your thoughts
there?
Yeah, some sometimes yes, sometimes no,
which isn't the best response. I'm a lot
of people hate him, but I quite like
horos
sums things up. So, he calls it the
game. like he often compares business
things to video games which I quite
like. I quite like that comparison. The
case of that's
everything's kind of you're trying to
get to a set objective and there's
varial inputs that you've got to put in
behaviors, activities, etc. to get to
the desired outcome. So, you can't just
get an outcome. There's various things
you've got to do which some may be
tough, some may be easier. So, I quite
like that way of looking at at it. Um,
is it always that easy? Of course not.
Are you are you in the mood to do
certain things some days? Definitely
not. Should you probably still do it?
Yes. Do I always do it? No.
But if you can do if you can have more
days when you're doing the right
activities and certainly from a business
standpoint and pretty much anything
life, whether it's your personal
relationships, where it's fitness, then
getting those things done is always
good. But I'm certainly guilty of
slacking from from now and then.
Is that what you meant by being a little
bit too laidback?
Um, no. I think it's more like people
have joined like you I've done a lot of
these podcasts over the years because I
run my own show and sometimes I think
marketing leaders because I sell we run
a B2B SAS SEO agency. I sell to a lot of
like revenue leaders, marketing leaders,
founders. I think some expect me to join
the call like being super salesy like
saying like, "Oh, we're the best agency
ever." All that kind of stuff. Whereas
I'm literally the opposite. So, I'm more
like, you need to convince me that
you're someone worth working with. Like,
I'll ask you a bunch of questions to see
if we're a good fit. I don't know if
we're a good fit at this stage. I'd
rather learn more about your business,
who you serve, where you're at, where
you'd like to get to, and then we can
kind of mutually decide together if
there's some business to be done. And I
think that throws a lot of kind of B2B
suites back.
Yeah, for sure. That actually reminds me
of a message I got this morning. So I I
didn't necessarily alope, but I we got
married in front of this immediate
family, very small, and we're having a
big my husband and I, and we're having a
big party next year. So I reached out to
a few places um via the knot. I don't
know if there's an equivalent um in the
UK, but
Okay.
Yeah, it's just it's a wedding app. Um
Gotcha.
So wait, are you in the UK? I want to
make sure.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm in the South England.
Okay, good. I was like I I I thought so,
but I didn't want to screw that up. And
people were like,
"No worries."
Yeah, she that up. Um, okay,
cool. Uh, yeah. So, I was on the knot,
which is just a a wedding app. And
instead of a hard cell,
I really liked what they did. They said,
"If you're not ready to tour yet, you
can book a discovery call." And I was
like, "Wow, for a wedding venue to do
that, you you guys got your sales stuff
on tap. I'm gonna I'm gonna book a
discovery call with you."
So, I I feel like in
being a founder and for for you being a
founder and a um and an agency owner,
I think it catches people offguard in a
good way
when you are laidback. I feel like
that's part of your that's like a
superpower because a lot of people are
like sell sell sell sell my and and
you're more like hey like if we work out
great if not you know
all good I like that
yeah I follow I don't know if you know a
guy called Josh Brawn but he's yeah he's
a sales sales guy on LinkedIn got a
pretty good following I'd say of revenue
leaders and stuff but he talks a about
detaching from the outcome. And a lot of
this is this is going on a bit of a
tangent on sales, but a lot of it comes
down to having a from certainly from a
revenue and from a sales perspective.
I've made all these mistakes. I've been
doing this a long time. I've been in the
sales game a long time. And if I look
back, most of that time where I was kind
of putting high pressure on prospects,
they'd always pull away. So whenever I'd
try and hard sell someone, they'd always
detach and I'd wonder why I'd get
ghosted. And if I look back why that
was, it was always because I had a
pretty small pipeline. Like I wasn't
actively prospecting. I wasn't doing
cold outreach. I wasn't doing much
content marketing. I didn't have various
channels to drive leads. And as a
result, I had a small thin pipeline and
I was putting high stress on these
prospects to buy. These days, I'm doing
a lot to fill that pipeline, whether
it's with content, LinkedIn, our
podcast, referrals, partnerships, etc.,
our own SEO.
So, it means as a result, you're you're
a bit more relaxed because it means like
if one prospect isn't a great fit, no
worries. Let's keep them in the funnel.
Let's nurture them with add them to our
email list and let's move on to the
next.
For sure. And there's a lot of
psychology
as we all know as marketers and sales
and customer success. Um there's a lot
of psychology behind it. I feel like
when you get on that call if they I
don't know about you, but I I tend to
feel it sounds so like hippie, but I I
kind of tend to feel how the energy
um
like on a Zoom like you can just
something's like off or um they're
having a bad day or they're not into it,
they're distracted, they're think about
something a thousand other things that
they have to do. Um, and I I what I
learned at one of my agencies that I
worked at is that you have to read the
room
um and pivot and adjust during those CL
when speaking with clients and when
speaking with
um with prospects because if you're
like, "Hey, is everything okay?" So
might not be okay and they might open up
about their kids and then you know even
if you don't go through it through that
deal, you establish that trust in that
relationship. Um, so there I think there
is a lot behind that.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean sales is a
funny old game like you say there's a
lot of psychology in it there. There
should be a framework to sales calls in
my opinion and I think like you said
then also calling folks out like I've
had a bunch of sales calls where people
have either been rude at the start and
in my younger days I'd just go along
with it and almost just return every
question they had. Whereas these days, I
say, "Look, this is a two-way
conversation." Um, if you're going to
straight away ask me to show everything,
not let me ask some questions. I mean,
this is a discovery call. I need to ask
you some questions. You need to ask me
some. We need to mutually decide if
there's some business to be done.
If that's not going to be possible, I'm
afraid we're not going to be a good
match. So, happy to refer you to someone
else. Otherwise, we can just leave it
there. And that could be to a founder of
a company, that could be to CMO, that
could be a VP of marketing. It doesn't
matter. But there needs to be that
mutual level of respect because if
they're if they're not being kind on a
initial call, what the heck are they
going to be like if it's a client? Like
it's an immediate red flag. But that's
just one aspect of it, right? There's
going to market selling. There's there's
so much to it. Like you say, there's a
lot of psychology. There should be a
framework in place. There should be a
system that you can follow to find out
if prospects are a good match for your
business and and so on.
Yeah, for sure. I completely agree with
that. So, gonna ask you some
kind of tough questions, but I feel like
you having 400 something odd podcast,
you're going to be super just on the fly
well prepared.
Let's let's roll with it. Yeah, let's
let's test it out. Uh, you ready?
Let's go.
Let's go. All right. So, first question.
What's the weirdest place or moment
where a mental health insight hit you
like a freight train?
One where weirdly I think where I was on
holiday last year where we'd not long so
my my agency breaking B2B is like going
into month 17. But if you rewind pretty
much a year ago to now when I went away
with my family to Greece and I realized
I had all these clients to manage but at
the same time I was meant to be on
holiday like having fun with my family
plus other famil family's like uh
parents-in-law,
cousins, etc. that come with us. And
it's like I was panicking cuz I'd closed
this business and I had these new deals
on the line, but I was like I'm going to
have to spend a good couple hours each
day managing these projects on Slack and
I can't really be present with my family
and it's not fair on them and we've done
that. So that was one that was one that
came to mind. Another time was when we
were how old? I was probably about 18,
19.
Long story, but our house burnt down in
the night when we were asleep. And that
that was at the time it didn't do much
for me because it was kind of all in one
flow in the sense that I was living with
my dad. My parents had recently
separated. I was living with my dad. I
was 18. We were also living with my
uncle and auntie. And yeah, we had a an
old thatch cottage in the countryside in
southwest Somerset in England. And the
weird thing was we recently had the
chimney serviced. So in theory it should
have been safe. But at the time my dad
was actually dealing with like really
bad depression. And this fire actually
although it was quite a terrible thing
the whole like the whole house burned
down.
Um, it was actually a blessing in
disguise as it got my dad out of a
really bad place so he could be with our
other family who like lived like 30
minutes away from us who are actually
lovely people, probably the best people
you could have stayed with, Christians,
really nice, really upbeat people that
kind of you could be in a bad mindset
and they'd get you in a good mood kind
of thing. Um, so that kind of flipped
his life around. I didn't think much of
it then, but I think over the years it
kind of hit me more and more as time
went on because I was still like doing
stuff. I was only 18, 19. I was still
working at that time in a retail shop
before I went into the agency world. And
yeah, I mean, I suppose we all have
weird things, right? Everyone has
different ways of dealing with it. I'm
one of those ones that will put it at
the back of my mind and block it until I
have to deal with it. Um, that's a
couple things that I guess come to front
of mind.
Yeah, thank you so much for being so
transparent. First off, first off, I am
so sorry that that is terrible.
I mean, wow.
No, no one's injured though. Nothing
like
Yeah. As long was okay.
Yeah. Yeah. There was no no fatalities
and it was only stuff and like these
days I don't even think too much about
it. But
very fortunate really.
Yeah. Yeah. And I I like that you
mentioned um it's only stuff. M
there's a lot of I think there's a lot
of especially in America
we value a lot of material things and
status and what kind of car you have,
what kind of house you have. At least
that's how it used to be. I don't know
how it is now, but um
that's a really good perspective.
Yeah, I'm one of those like if we go
away anywhere and my wife's sensible, so
she'll be like, "We got to make sure
everything's packed well and stuff like
that." And I'm like, "Ah, we might lose
some stuff. If not, we can always get
some more when we're there." I'm that
you can tell like my laid-back attitude
in comparison.
I will literally leave one thing behind
everywhere I go.
It's the weirdest thing.
It's like one thing and it could be
something not a passport or driver's
license or something like that but what
like let's see charger a jacket
I'll tell you how bad I am yet only like
this is a clear example of how bad I am
yesterday
I I went to collect my son from school
somehow lost my house key whilst walking
to the school and then because my wife
was away in the city watching a show
with the rest of um with her mom and
sister. I then had to pro get to our
house, climb in through the living room
window, and then let us all in. That's
how bad I am.
Yeah. I mean, yeah, you win. You win
that.
Oh my gosh. Um, so I want to talk about
burnout a little bit. If burnout had a
voice, what would it say and when was
the last time it spoke up?
H
for me I just seem to get
illnesses really like my main thing I
can only speak to personal experiences
but if I get like really tired or burnt
out I get sty it's like in your eyes
where in my case just like pain and like
your eye you need to rub your eye all
the time which is like the worst thing
you can do to a sty in your eye so that
that's kind of like when I'm do I just
get really tired and weakened and all
that sort of things like in my last
agency that I exited out of that had
three co-founders
or three co-owners rather um in the end
I I moved on and started this company
breaking B2B because we all kind of had
different goals of where we want to take
the business and towards the end of that
relationship I was getting really
stressed out because I wanted to kind of
push forward and grow as much as
possible and move into the B2B space
whereas one one company owner had their
own SAS business on the side so didn't
really care about the agency so much and
then another um owner had a different
different direction in the end. We we
parted ways but up to that point I was
getting so stressed out and my wife was
on on me to start my own thing for years
and years and I I never did it. I was
always kind of too scared or thought
terrible things will happen and so I
suppose with me it kind of yeah you get
tired out get I get st but everyone I
guess gets different symptoms or
illnesses or or might be mental right it
might not be any physical things but
that's mine I guess.
Yeah. Yeah. I god that's bringing me
back. Um I was at a a company that was
really intense. Um kind of like up at 5
in the morning doing webinars and that
kind of intense. And there was one day
where I wake up
and my my I'm like wait I I can't see.
WTF? I can't see. And my eyes blew up
to the point I sent one of my uh they
call them work besties, like one of my
uh my really good friends at work. I was
like, I can't be on camera today. My
eyes are are like the size of or my
eyelids are the size of I don't know,
golf balls. Like I can't be on today.
So, it's it's interesting. There's
physical manifestations and then there's
the uh
the kind of like that invisible like
it's all in your not all in your head
but it's it's manifesting in your head
and you have these
just either obsessive thoughts or
anxiety or
what do people think of me? Um I mean it
goes in different directions. Um but I'm
sorry about your sty. That's that sounds
really painful
fairly. I mean, I I suppose like like
you say, it's I'm one of those one of
those people that brushes everything
off. I'm like, it's okay, move on. Um,
but I guess I kind of have to because I
run this business and we've we've only
got so many staff right now as we're
still growing. So, it's kind of one of
those things that everything kind of
gets pushed back.
Um, is that the best way of dealing with
it? Probably not. Is it how I'll deal
with it for the short term? Yeah, I
think so,
for sure. Yeah, I I definitely um I was
talking who was I talking with talking
with one of the podcast guests and I
think it was even I think it was
yesterday. I was just like I don't want
to feel jack so I'll throw myself
into anything possible to not feel. Um,
and I think it's definitely a coping
mechanism either that we're taught as
kids or growing up in school like you
get you get made fun of for crying or
you know, whomever or you know, whatever
the case is. Um, and then we just like
stuff it. Um, or like you're saying in
your case, you kind of like roll off
your shoulder, but in reality,
I'm I'm assuming you're feeling it.
Oh, yeah. For sure. For sure. It's it's
a tough tough balance, isn't it? Like
you definitely got to I think men in
general, not all, but certainly my
family and folks I know are terrible at
brushing things off and putting things
on the back burner, but like you say,
being able to have spaces to open up is
important. In my experience, us guys are
pretty bad at it. So, I think having
spaces to do that is smart, which is
probably something I should actively do
look to do a bit more, especially with,
like you say, the stresses that come
running an agency. I'm thankful that
we've got some great folks on our team
that have helping me kind of build
things out and look after client work
and all that kind of stuff. But yeah, I
mean, definitely something that I could
personally improve and I'm sure a lot of
other folks could could do.
Oh, yeah. You are not the only one. You
are not alone in that. Men, women,
old, young, we all, we all t not all of
us, but a lot of us tend to do it.
Speaking of that hustle mentality,
running an agency,
when you're in season of hustle mode,
what invisible cost do you pay that
others don't see?
H
I suppose
yeah kind of what we talked about really
I suppose it's
toll physically so if you're working
like I as you can tell I'm in the UK a
lot of my clients in the US so certainly
before I kind of hired someone for
operations and to lead strategy for
clients then I'd be running I still do I
run quite a lot of sales calls at night
like 9 9:00 p.m. 9:30 p.m. my time. I
run discovery calls, sales calls, that
kind of stuff just because I'm working
with time zones that are like 8 hours
outside of my time zone. So that that
doesn't bother me. I'm I'm quite
fortunate in the sense that I suppose
running a business cuz 80 90% of our
clients in the US, I can go steady in my
morning time and like maybe do some
stuff for my family. I've got two young
kids, help my wife and then do more
stuff in the afternoon, evening. So it
kind of balances out. But certainly in
the early days I was going all going
blazing like putting out content,
managing projects, doing new business
work, catching up in the evenings,
answering Slacks, like all that kind of
stuff. And that I still do have days of
doing that, but then I'll have other
days where it's a bit more steady, if
that makes sense. So I suppose it's it's
kind of balancing out, which isn't
always easy, and also what what is the
toll, I suppose, more physically. So you
wake up in the morning, you're quite
tired and the rest of it. But can I moan
that much? No. Because compared to some
of my friends, all I'm really doing is
sitting in front of a computer and and
talking. So in the grand scheme of
things, I could be doing something
that's like 10 times physically more
straining or mentally straining. So in
reality, I've got to think I'm very very
fortunate.
That's a really good point. I think I
had a post at one at one time after
maybe uh
maybe 15 interviews. It was something
along the lines of we're all a little
bit too stressed for being in B2B SAS.
Yeah, exactly.
Like we take it way too seriously. What
if I was on the front line like fighting
for our country or if I was I don't know
a nurse or a doctor or whatever or doing
something that critically is like
life-saving or life or death like don't
don't realize how good I have it really.
Yeah. No, but there's there's
I mean we call it in the US I don't know
if it's a UK thing but first world
problems.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. That's it.
I don't know if you have an equivalent
but
yeah we we say that like
okay
I don't know we'll just call like a
small problem we like just say something
stupid like um it's too hot today I'm
really tired and then someone will say
it's first world problems or whatever
whatever it is because it's never sunny
where we are in the UK but the last
three days it's been like a heat wave so
people in the England basically moan
when it's moan when it's raining moan
when it's cold moan when it's hot even
though it's not hot much so everything's
an excuse to moan but we'll be we'll be
polite by it because we're British
Yeah, that's true. That's a really good
point. That actually brings me to a
follow-up question. How did delegating
help your mental health personally?
Probably
delegating wise, I suppose from a
business standpoint,
it certainly took a lot of stress and
things off my plate.
So, that's that's always nice. It
doesn't have necessarily have to be
business. This could be life in general,
but when you've got people that can help
you out, it just kind of takes a weight
off your shoulders, doesn't it? If you
know that everything doesn't rely on
you, and you know you've got someone
that's that you're confident can get the
job done or whatever the task is at
hand, it just puts your mind at ease so
much. Like, like I say, small thing, but
as an example, when I was away last year
and I had a bunch of clients that I knew
I that were in different time zones, US,
EU, Australia, and I was in Greece, it
was I was just stressed out like crazy.
Um,
so I think it helps a lot if you've got
someone that you can rely upon. Whether
it's talking to, whether it's supporting
you, whether it's helping out, it's
definitely good.
Definitely. It was either Matt Greten or
Justin Row,
but we were talking about
how it's almost impossible to turn it
off.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I literally
sometimes just come up with ideas like
11 12 and then we'll yeah just note them
down on my notepad while my phone's not
app that's that's the problem especially
running a business like you don't some
of some of the weirdest of some of the
weirdest and best ideas I've actually
had really late at night which is kind
of strange but for better or worse that
is true especially with as a founder
like Justin he's built a much bigger
agency than myself But he is a friend of
mine. He's he's been really supportive
for my business. So I've got a lot of
lot of love for Justin. A lot of respect
for what he does. Justin Row Impactable.
Really good guy. Actually catching up
with him in a couple days. Um yeah, he's
done some great stuff. Really really
humble guy. Like exited a company for a
few million I think and now is going it
back again. Really really humble. In
fact, a lot of lot of similar B2B
founders are in a similar mindset. But
yeah, um that is the downside. For
better or worse, you certainly I cannot
switch off. There's always whether it's
projects, whether it's marketing,
whether it's content ideas. That's
usually what it is. Weird content ideas
for me or marketing ideas just doesn't
stop.
I know it's crazy. Mine is always uh
during a nap.
I'm like,
whilst you're trying to get to sleep or
when you are asleep. When I am asleep,
I'll put on this do not disturb
just like I'm gonna I'm going to just
chill for 20 minutes, but I keep waking
up because I keep having ideas.
And then I write them down. No idea why.
That's quite cool though.
I suppose it's annoying that it disturbs
a nap, but good that you get the ideas.
Yeah, I get the ideas, but if I do like
an hour, I eventually fall asleep and
get some get some good rest. Um
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's why I mean I'm
lucky that I get to do something that I
actually enjoy. Like I really enjoy a
lot of the obviously there's there's
parts of it I don't enjoy, but I'm I'm
fortunate that a lot of the work I do.
So that helps so much.
Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, this uh this
podcast is turning into something like a
little bit kind of like evolving. Um,
and just doing this podcast alone for
the past year,
my number one value is human connection.
So that for me has been,
I think, the number one
benefit of this podcast. um especially
working in remote and just
hearing people's stories and just
knowing you're not alone is um has been
really powerful especially in this you
know this climate where
sometimes
or a lot of times especially in high
pressure B2B SAS we kind of have to like
suck it in and hold it in and be like
we're okay we're fine we're just
crashing and burning on the inside
so to talk to everyone one. Um, to talk
to everyone over the past year has been
truly a blessing for me.
Yeah. No, I completely get that. It's
It's funny like running a show myself, I
feel the same. Like sometimes I can be
on a bit of a down or a bit stressed out
or whatever, but then I'll have a great
podcast conversation almost revitalizes
me. Like like you say, like talk talk
about something interesting, have some
back and forth, maybe have a bit of a
laugh, whatever it may be. And then you
kind of go out of it, you're like, "Oh,
that was a really fun combo." feel like
I feel completely different to when we
started.
Yeah, for sure. I actually had a podcast
recording yesterday. The person didn't
almost didn't show up. His partner said,
"I don't think I don't think you should
do this." Um, he was in a really bad
state, but he I was so impressed. He
came on anyway. Um, and shared what was
going on. I think it was like the past
week and a half that it happened. and
just that observing that strength and
that just inner resilience
was was really powerful. So stuff like
that is just I don't know. I I don't cry
a lot, but
if I if I did um that, you know, that
would that would definitely it
definitely got to me like, you know, in
a in a way. Um
yeah, it sounds like it. Well, hopefully
they're getting the help they need or I
don't know obviously their situation,
but yeah, it sounds like they were going
through a rough time.
Yeah. Yeah. No, they're they're on their
way.
So, I know that you uh you have a couple
little kids. Super cute. How old are
they?
So, we've got a seven-month old little
girl and then a 5-year-old son.
Oh, that's awesome. I love that.
Question about your kids, if you're
comfortable.
What's one thing your kids have taught
you about leadership that no podcast or
MBA ever could?
Leadership, I suppose.
I suppose there's there's a few
different aspects. There's one
one is like from a general business
sense like time delegation like when you
have kids like
when when people that don't have kids
say they have no time. I'm like wait
till you have kids. I know people that
have got five plus kids some with more.
It's like they have no time and they run
a business or they're like in senior
leadership. just like how the heck do
you do that? So yeah, I think that's one
like superpower you get. And the other
is the ability to be present with your
kids, which is something I'm always
working on. That's that's probably the
downside to being a founder of a
business or an agency or whatever it is
or SAS is because you can't switch off.
It's that that that's when it gets to
your detriment. So, you need to have
times like in my case where I'll go out
with the family and just leave the phone
in the car or where it whatever it is.
Just leave the phone in the bag and just
make sure I'm enjoying the time with
them. It's like I suppose two two
different angles to it.
I love that. That's awesome.
Is there a moment when you're when one
of your kids probably not the the
younger one,
but maybe the um I think you said son
daughter
Yep. Son. Yeah.
Son. Yeah. Is there a moment where your
son's question or comment made you
completely rethink how you show up at
work?
Trying to think to be fair. I'm sure
there has been. I'm sure there has been.
I think
it I don't know if there's one
particular moment. I mean, my my dad I
think it was my dad always said
something that that stuck with me is
when he always said he's always said
when you had when you have kids
everything changes but for the better.
And it's something I I said never really
never really believed it but then when
you have kids that's when it you kind of
see it. Um because you I realized that
beforehand in my my case I was quite a
lot more selfish than I guess I am now.
And there's still still a lot I could
certainly work on,
be it family life or be it business. But
I think that's that's one thing I
suppose, not one specific moment, but
generally speaking, because well,
naturally they I'm fortunate that my
wife does a lot of the hard work and I
just take over a bit in the morning and
sometimes when she needs to do stuff in
the daytime and in the evenings, but so
she's doing all the hard stuff, I'm just
helping in between. Um, but I think the
fact that when you have to dedicate
yourself a lot more to these young kids
that need your help, it just changes
almost
almost every way you approach life in
general.
That's a really good point.
I don't have kids. I have puppies.
I
Yeah, we've got pups. Pups are awesome.
They really are. I uh mine is currently
passed out on my bed.
They're great fun.
Yeah. Yeah, they're they're awesome. Um,
some people have told me that they're
like kids and people told me they're
nothing like kids. So, um, I guess
I think there's definitely similarities,
especially with a dog, right? Because
they're so loyal and obviously they they
just they seem to be able to read the
room. They be able to they be able to
react to different people like really. I
think they have a good grasp on
personalities and how people are.
Oh, for sure. for my my dog at the uh
her name's Ellie. She
picked out my now husband.
Oh, there you go. And they're also
matchmakers.
Yeah, apparently. Yeah. I was uh dating
like maybe one or two guys or at the
time. And um the moment I knew was when
she was in her kennel because she was
real young. She was like two, three
months. And um
my he was my boy, my excuse me, I was
just dating him at the time. um couple
dates in and he came in my apartment and
I had ice cream. She comes out of the
kennel, goes right to him.
Okay.
And I'm like, "All right, I guess this
is the guy."
If you're not going for the pup cup and
you're going for this guy I'm dating, I
mean, you have a you have a good sense,
man.
Oh, that's pretty cool. That's a nice
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it was nice. Great.
Um, okay. So, let's see if I think we
are gonna switch over a little bit.
Give me one sec. Um,
let's see. Give me one second.
Okay, that's a good one.
Yeah. Yeah, she's a she's a trip.
Just want to touch on
culture a little bit.
What's a subtle form of leadership
humiliation that most people miss but
you seem caused real harm?
Leadership humiliation,
did you say? Okay. Um, what have I seen?
I've never worked in I've always worked
in fairly small businesses like
startups, growing agencies, that kind of
stuff. Um,
I think it's I think it's usually
when something gets said behind your
back to another colleague and then it
comes out. But it can work for the
better. Well, I'll give you one example.
One thing that I always think of is one
of the old guys I used to work with
actually
um told me that the other guy said why
that this was this is probably six or so
five five or six years ago like why Sam
started a podcast as an absolute waste
of time absolute waste of resource money
why is he doing it and brings me back
right to the start like with a chip on
my shoulder this was in 2020 so I
started it right at the peak of the
pandemic mainly because I was bored I've
always been into media Uh, when I was
younger, I wanted to be a radio
presenter. So, it all kind of came into
one. And I wanted to learn from cool and
smart people, and that just made me want
to do it more.
So, I was like, I'm going to do it to
prove him wrong more than anything now.
Um, but yeah, that that's kind of one
thing I suppose that comes to mind. Um
that yeah, let's bring it up. I'm sure
there's there's a bunch of others like
calling people out in groups, whether
that's I don't know in a group Slack
chat or something like that, like
calling a mistake rather than messaging
them or giving them a call personally
just to say like
just to make it onetoone rather than one
to many so they don't feel kind of
caught out, I suppose is another
example.
Yeah, definitely. I think what I
resonate with the most is
When someone tells me I can't do
something,
I work that much harder to prove them
wrong.
It's weird, isn't it?
I'm a giant I am a giant pain in the
ass,
which is a blessing and a curse.
Yeah, I think it's good reverse
psychology.
For better or worse, it definitely
works.
Oh, yeah. It's great. It's like, I'm
gonna prove you wrong.
F you, man.
Yeah.
Like I was told I couldn't sing. I was
told
I couldn't write. You know, just insert
you can't this. And it's like I'm gonna
I'm gonna join a band. I'm gonna
I'm gonna write a book. I mean, you
know, like not not I didn't write a
book, but you know, just in general,
like someone tells you you can't you you
have that I don't know if it's rebellion
or it's just
a human quality or I don't know, but
it's interesting.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a big thing of
my mindset, I think.
Seems to help. There we go.
Oh, for sure. I mean, look at look at
what you've done. Someone told you you
couldn't do a podcast. You're 400ish
episodes in and
I mean there you go.
Getting there. Getting there, I guess.
Um, cool. So, let's see if there So,
we're at 39 minutes. Um,
let me see. One sec. I want to see if I
can pick out
[Laughter]
Some of these are really funny. Um,
okay. So, I want to end with kind of a
wacky one. We are a mental health
podcast.
What's one totally non-b businessiness
thing like a weird hobby song routine
that keeps you mentally sharp as a
revenue leader?
few things I suppose.
Main main main one for me is fitness. So
I go to the gym a fair bit a few times a
week. Would normally play football, but
I've done my knee recently. So that's
out of action. So yeah, mainly
mainly that like I manage a football
soccer team you folks call it in the US.
So I manage a six aside soccer team. I
mess around with that. I'm usually
playing football soccer a couple days a
week.
And yeah, go to the gym three, four days
each week, walk the dog, that kind of
stuff. Just where you can, like you say,
get a bit of a reset. Think of something
usually outside of work. And
it's very cliche, but physically, if I
feel like I've done a bit of work
physically each day, like if I don't if
I don't do something physical each day,
I'm in a very bad mood come the end of
the day. I'm yeah not good to be around
because I'll just be annoy I'll be more
annoyed at myself. That's the main
thing. I'll be annoyed at myself that I
didn't do the work. Um so like I should
have gone to the gym. That was a waste
of waste of time. But even if I've done
good stuff at work, I'll be annoyed. So
it's not necessarily that healthy from
that set, but it does seem to help me
out generally speaking. Um I think
that's quite a common one.
Oh, for sure.
I if I So a couple things. So, if I work
out,
I'm not only in a better mood, but I
have a better day. Like you mentioned,
I'm also nicer and more upbeat and more
positive. And I also it also kicks off
my entire day, like the entire routine.
I'm like, "All right, let's go. Like,
let's let's kick ass. Let's do this."
And I mean, you obviously have the
endorphins, but I think when we have
such a powerful start to our day,
whatever, whatever it may be, um, it
really sets the tone for everything
else.
Yeah. Yeah. I think it's And it doesn't
have to be that, right? Like, everyone
has their their own thing, whether
that's going for a walk or jog or
something completely different. Like, it
doesn't have to be fitness related, but
that's mine personally. and it seems to
do the trick. Um,
suppose it's a mix of the physical and
the mental and the think about other
stuff for an hour or so, whatever it is,
and then get back to it. It It works
well. It's It's weird how sometimes
problems seem so bad when you're just
check staring at a screen and then if
you can get away for an hour or so, it
just it it does seem to help quite a
lot.
Oh, yeah. just breaking the monotony of
staring at a screen and you go on a
walk. Even even 10 15 minutes and it's
like, "Oh, wait. Oh, I got it.
Let's Let's Oh, I finally got it. Thank
you."
Um, and then you and then you go back,
you're like, "Oh, that was the problem."
It's It seems so hard when you're
staring at the screen, but when you go
just get outside and look at a tree, you
come back and you're like, "Oh, wait,
that makes sense." Um, yeah. And I think
there are people, I mean, everyone has a
different outlet. Like some people
write, some people read, some people
stare off into into the sunset. Like
everyone has a different a different
release.
Definitely.
For sure. Well, this was great. Um, I
know you're all over LinkedIn, but would
love to hear, you know, if there's
anything um you're working on or want to
want to talk about in the podcast or if
people have questions.
Yeah. Yeah. I appreciate you having me
on. So I suppose the main main three for
me are LinkedIn
mainly rambling about what's working at
the moment in SEO and B2B marketing to
drive pipeline and then the other one is
the breaking B2B podcast where we
basically interview either SAS or B2B
marketing leaders and we talk about
what's actually driving growth at their
company today or I'll do a solo episode
on either SEO a weird case study or
experiment that I'm running around B2B
marketing thing or if you want to check
our website. It's breaking.com.
Awesome. Thank you so much, Sam. Really,
really appreciate it.
No, I appreciate you having me on.
Thanks for the chat. And if you haven't
yet, why not join thousands of B2B
legends enjoying my weekday newsletter
for unusual B2B marketing strategies,
SEO tips, weird experiments I'm running,
and fresh podcast updates. Head over to
breakingb.com
and hit that newsletter tab. And with
that, I shall catch you on the next one.
Cheers.